README.md, before:

heroku-buildpack-vips
=====================

Important notes:

This buildpack started out as one of the many that are out there, and ended up
being completely different. The build script uses docker and also includes pdf
support via poppler. In order to use this buildpack, you must install these packages in your heroku application:

- libglib2.0-0
- libglib2.0-dev
- libpoppler-glib8

The easiest way to do this is using the heroku apt buildpack.

This buildpack was put together with the help of John Cupitt, the creator of
libvips. He was invaluable in my efforts to get a working libvips installation
with pdf support on heroku. Thank you John!

---

Heroku buildpack with [libvips](https://github.com/jcupitt/libvips) installed.


## Usage

Add this buildpack to your app:

```
https://github.com/brandoncc/heroku-buildpack-vips
```

## Build script

[This](./build.sh) is the script used to build vips using docker.

```sh
VIPS_VERSION=x.y.z ./build.sh
```

After building a tar file, it will be copied to the `build` directory. Then you should commit this changes to git.

Commit message:

Create buildpack for heroku-20 stack

README.md, after:

heroku-buildpack-vips-h20
=====================

A VIPS buildpack for the heroku-20 stack.

Current build version: 8.10.5

Important notes:

This buildpack started out as one of the many that are out there, and ended up
being completely different. The build script uses docker and also includes pdf
support via poppler. In order to use this buildpack, you must install these packages in your heroku application:

- libglib2.0-0
- libglib2.0-dev
- libpoppler-glib8

The easiest way to do this is using the heroku apt buildpack.

This buildpack was put together with the help of John Cupitt, the creator of
libvips. He was invaluable in my efforts to get a working libvips installation
with pdf support on heroku. Thank you John!

---

Heroku buildpack with [libvips](https://github.com/jcupitt/libvips) installed.


## Usage

Add this buildpack to your app:

```
https://github.com/brandoncc/heroku-buildpack-vips
```

## Build script

[This](./build.sh) is the script used to build vips using docker.

```sh
VIPS_VERSION=x.y.z ./build.sh
```

After building a tar file, it will be copied to the `build` directory. Then you should commit this changes to git.
